Make error when internal tenant ID is empty more recognisable (#1318)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/director/03-error-handling.md

# Error Handling

Director API returns custom errors if anything goes wrong while handling the request. The errors can be divided into
two categories: regular HTTP errors and GraphQL errors.

## Regular Errors

These errors are returned when something is wrong with the request eg. missing headers.

- Tenant not found

>     - Tenant does not occur in the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs either when there is no tenant in the database, or when the passed tenant does not match the tenant in the [System Auth](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/732486482e1d71384be4d705b1ed260365f74c1c/docs/compass/03-01-security.md#system_auths-table). 
```

>     - In case of Application/Runtime flow the passed tenant does not match the tenant in System Auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## GraphQL Errors

> These errors are returned eg. when there was a problem with connecting to the database, or in case an inter server error occured.GraphQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL errors are related to the connection. They may concern issues with connecting to the database, or inter-server issues. These are the GraphQL errors that may occur when calling the Director API:
```

> - Tenant is required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tenant is required**
```

>     - No tenant was passed but it's required by the operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs when a tenant, that is required by the operation, wasn't passed.
```

# Error handling

> Director API returns custom errors if anything goes wrong while handling the request. The errors can be divided into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Director API returns custom errors when there are problems with handling the request. The errors can be divided into
```

two categories: 
- Regular HTTP errors 
- GraphQL errors

## Regular errors

Regular errors are related to the request itself. They may concern issues such as missing headers. These are the regular errors that may occur when calling the Director API:

> **Tenant not found**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tenant not found**

```

This error occurs either when there is no such tenant in the database, or when the passed tenant does not match the tenant in the [System Auth](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/732486482e1d71384be4d705b1ed260365f74c1c/docs/compass/03-01-security.md#system_auths-table). 

## GraphQL errors

GraphQL errors are related to the request execution. They may concern issues with connecting to the database, or inter-server issues. These are the GraphQL errors that may occur when calling the Director API:

> **Tenant is required**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tenant is required**

```
